# Easter-Gifts-for-kids-him-and-her
Easter is a holiday and occasion which falls on the first Sunday right after good Friday. Ths occasion is celebrated to remember the death and the resurrection of Jesus. This year it easter falls on 1st April 2018. Out of all the rituals and beliefs attached on this occasion, one of the cutest one is exchanging Easter eggs. These are not the egg which we get in the market, but are eggs made of chocolates. It is hollow from inside and the outer layer is made of chocolate and inside there are surprises like another small toffee or any toy.   On this day, the Christians celebrate by exchange gifts to their near and dear ones. We know the importance of gifts for this occasion and hence, we have come up with some gift ideas for kids, him and her.   Easter Gifts for Kids For kids, this occasion is nothing less than Christmas. Their excitement level is on top of the world. Be it, kids of any age, we suggest you go with presents like,  1. Easter eggs, Of Course. You cannot skip this one. This resembles the festival and the excitement to break the egg and find what's inside is on another level.   2. Easter Hamper- A cute hamper is everything that will make your little one's day filled with happiness and joy.   3. Apparel for kids- Wearing new clothes makes the little ones feel like a celebrity. Select their favorite color and some trendy fashion wear.   Easter gifts for him  For guys or man, to receive a gift is rare. They are always the giver, but very few times they actually receive something as a gift. We suggest you take this opportunity and surprise him with a present.    1. Restaurant or dining voucher- Think out of the box and go ahead with gifting him voucher of his favorite dining place.   2. A watch- Let's surprise him with a watch of his preferred brand as guys are very brand loyal. Make sure the dial of the watch is nice and classy.   3. Electronics- Could be a mobile phone he was planning to buy or any mobile accessory or any other electronic gadget like a speaker, camera, laptop, etc.  Easter gifts for her Selecting a gift for her is easy to some but at the same time confusing to few. We could list many items that will impress her.  1. Chocolates   Some sweets for any occasion is always welcomed and loved. To her, the idea of a gift is everything. Go for her favorite chocolate bar or else any imported chocolates like Ferrero Rocher, Snickers. Mars, etc.   2. Shopping vouchers Send gift voucher of her choice by sending her preferred or favorite shopping store will give her the liberty to select a gift which she likes. This will create no color or size issue.   3. Flowers or flower hamper A flower bouquet with her favorite flowers in it will add beauty to her room or living space. Accompanied by a cake or chocolate or fruits.   We hope our suggestions are helpful for you to select a gift. If you are looking to Send Easter gifts to India, visit Tajonline.com for more such ideas.
